any man you look in the bill some some
rock hard muscle man you do the way
what's up everybody today's discussion
Oh teamed up next on tienda yeah reverse
grip bench press what do we think of
that yeah right now we pride a man let
me say some tribal we tried on man we'll
give you our take on I'm look yeah we're
gonna give you our tape man just give me
a couple moments man let me gather
myself man cuz this your shit shit just
got serious over here reverse the bench
press right all it is what to own a buck
oh man come on
that's I won't say that's a one-way
ticket to snap city I will say that yeah
I can say that it is a one-way ticket to
Death Valley
you can't fuckin die if something goes
wrong yeah okay look here you won't snap
some shit
it's a great possibility that she gonna
die right there in the gym right down
that fucking benchpress man you go snap
some shit up but you're gonna die no
damn last seconds people gonna remember
you by you own the damn bitch press
whoop whatever how many way you would
try to use just sitting right there on
your fucking neck okay look at let me
you believe a fucking dance fuck right
look look look
Oh Kenny bamboo monthly the cap reverse
benchpress grip all you're doing is a
big for us instead of regular grip over
hand put chance on the hand and it
brings your cross-subsidy she didn't
call it up you go Tico
you know reg you pitch for a suicide
grip get asleep I'll lick it you reverse
please press B :
death grip oh well after we found this
exercise or the clothesline grip it says
you know it works your triceps better
and you get a better compression just
let me tell you something if you can't
build no muscle just having a regular
grip give it up a reverse grip ain't
gonna do never snap your fucking shit up
and grab guaranteed death within 10
seconds if something goes for oh no I
it's like the suicide grip when you had
a suicide girl we don't wrap your thumbs
over if the box slides out your hand
lap times your forms and she can catch
it yeah you know Oh with kids scenario
in your chest gum catches right but what
do to reverse grill with the suicide got
me with the reverse grill a reverse grip
dumb clothes when I grew up man we got
my man to reverse grip man if that white
slats out your hand your arms can catch
it man and shit gopher your own fear you
know what's gonna catch it your neck
your fucking neck don't catch that
fucking ball oh I love you oh you'll
have to use a lot waiting still taming
well 135 pounds up for 45 on each side
and then shit slip back to Haiti Messrs
you gonna bust if you're lucky it's not
go far he and fucking decapitation it's
gone if you like it it's gonna land a
little chat and bus always found an
upright if it is then man you'll be the
first of all fucking awkward oh hey cuz
would you get your head chopped off the
Dutch direction for the human body even
even y'all are gonna be brain D cuz your
hands can be right to the Freud like
that your body's gonna be walking around
with no head on it
squirting blood
please everybody's gonna quit working
out well then she goes down you fuck
this let's do a shadow good oh he was
trying to do is fill this up attempt
some bitch cut his head off
fuck you I don't know but I don't know
about all this exercise man I I should
seem dangerous
did you see it motherfuck oh they're
walking with no hands I'm gonna wrap
this up wrap this up if you can't build
no muscle in your chest in your process
up gonna regular bench press didn't give
it up fucking the reverse grip will you
call it fucking close like a good
clothesline grip expressing don't have
one way ticket to Death Valley man just
snap some shit up man I've tried
exercise been like too awkward and I've
gave it a plenty of trials they just had
a fucking premonition one of these days
I'm gonna get my head chopped to fuck
off for this damn place right guys this
is all just advice you know if you like
it keep doing it you know I'm saying I
would say stop doing it man shit ain't
never fuckin serious
due up with a fuck you wanna do
you